Added initial docker setup (#268)
SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend: README.md

## Getting Started

The fastest way to get started is to use the provided Docker setup. To do so, run the following commands:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend.git
cd snowballr-frontend
git submodule update --init --recursive

> docker-compose up

Reviewer: Are you sure that it is `docker-compose`? Because I use `docker compose` (same applies for the other commands below)

Author: That's a typo. Good catch!

```

> Be sure to have the environment variables set or create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project (see below).

Reviewer: Maybe link to the section below?

Author: I added it.

Reviewer: Great 👍

We provide several docker compose profiles for different setups. Without any arguments,
a standalone frontend is started. The other profiles are:

- `mock-local`: Starts the frontend and the mock backend in a local setup.
- `mock-public`: Starts the frontend and the deployed mock backend.

> Use `docker-compose --profile <profile> up` to start the desired profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `docker-compose --profile <profile> up` to start the frontend with the desired profile.
```

Author: Added it.

| --------------------- | :----------------: | :-----: | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL` | :white_check_mark: |    -    | The URL of the backend API.                                                             |
| `PUBLIC_IS_DEV_MODE`  |        :x:         |  false  | Whether the app is in development mode. This may enable additional development tooling. |
### Environment Variables

Now you're good to go! Start the development server with:
The app requires a set of environment variables to run. You can set them in a `.env` file in the root directory of the project.
Either create the file manually or copy the provided example:

```bash
npm run dev
cp .env.example .env
```

or create the production version:
The environment variables are as follows:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

If you don't have a backend server running, you can use the mock backend.
Head over to the [snowballr-mock-backend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-mock-backend) repository and follow the

> instructions there.

Reviewer: You deleted this section, but in the "Getting Started" section you speak of the mock backend. I understand that this paragraph does not fit here, but maybe you shouldn't delete the link to the mock backend and move it to the docker compose profile paragraph?

Author: I added it to the section above. How do you like it now?

Reviewer: I would like it more, if you would write "Mock Backend" lowercase as we do it everywhere.

Reviewer: But apart from that: yes, it should fit.

Author: I fixed it.

- `mock-local`: Starts the frontend and the mock backend in a local setup.
- `mock-public`: Starts the frontend with a connection to the deployed mock backend.

Use `docker compose --profile <profile> up` to start the frontend with the desired profile.

### Environment Variables

The app requires a set of environment variables to run. You can set them in a `.env` file in the root directory of the
project. Either create the file manually or copy the provided example:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

The environment variables are as follows:

| Variable              |      Required      | Default | Description                                                                             |
| --------------------- | :----------------: | :-----: | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL` | :white_check_mark: |    -    | The URL of the backend API.                                                             |
| `PUBLIC_IS_DEV_MODE`  |        :x:         |  false  | Whether the app is in development mode. This may enable additional development tooling. |

> | `PORT`                |       :x:\*        |  4173   | The port where the front end is served                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PORT`                |       :x:\*        |  4173   | The port where the frontend is served                                                  |
```
